refactor(styles): generate not-defined selectors by using the components/src/components/ subfolder names (#5165)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/old-teachers-deliver.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-styles': major
'@swisspost/design-system-components-angular': major
'@swisspost/design-system-components-react': major
'@swisspost/design-system-components': major
---

> Removed the `not-defined.scss` file, which controlled when web components become visible:
> 
> - for server-side rendered components: immediately
> - for client-side rendered components: after hydration
> 
> On the other side, we introduced the global styles file `post-components.css` in all component packages, which repalces the styling logic which was defind in the `not-defined.scss` in our styles package before.
> This file must be included in any project using our component packages to ensure proper functionality of the web components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moved the file responsible for preventing flashes of unstyled content for components from the styles to the components package. The flashes occur when non-hydrated components are rendered before JavaScript has loaded on a client. These styles hide the non-hydrated component, preventing the flash.

**Changes:**
Removed: `@swispost/design-system-styles/components/not-defined.(scss|css)`
Added: `@swisspost/design-system-components/post-components/post-components.css`
Added: `@swisspost/design-system-components-angular/post-components.css`
Added: `@swisspost/design-system-components-react/post-components.css`
```
